Welcome back, now I know you're
probably all very excited coming out of
the last lesson where you got to
try your very own VoIP application,
now it's time to kind of I guess spread
your wings a little bit mentally and
kinda brainstorm the things that you
should be capable of or at least,
you know,
resourceful enough to get involved with.
So, in this lesson we're gonna talk
to you about how you can expand
the idea of VoIP to various
aspects of your life.
>> So, things like,
say your own home, making it cooler,
smarter, VoIP in the smart home.
As well as your own, your workplace,
the office, things like that.
>> Yeah and then we're gonna also,
kind of, I mean, extend VoIP.
And you see that little new acronym,
I don't think we even went over that
in the cheat sheet area terminology,
but basically you're taking VoIP and
you're applying it to everything.
So, it's the everything over
Internet protocol, beyond VOIP.
So, we're gonna just kind of talk
about expanding on these core concepts
of transmitting information through
packets over the Internet, over a network.
And just how you can apply it
to everything in the world.
So, we look forward to
talking to you about this.
It's gonna be just a fun,
relaxing discussion.
>> Yeah, discussion lesson.
So, we'll see you in the next videos.